mtaBuild: generate docu (#623)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/steps/mtaBuild.md

# ${docGenStepName}

## ${docGenDescription}

## ${docGenParameters}

> 

Reviewer: I think we should add this as a prerequisite to the docs if a custom image is used.

Author: But the library is not validating the tool anymore. It is in the prerequisites, then the user should take care of this.

Author: Ah no, it is not in the prerequisites, I will add it as prerequisite then. What do you think?

Reviewer: Yes, I think it makes sense to mention it here.

# ${docGenStepName}

## ${docGenDescription}

## Prerequisites

While using a custom docker file, ensure that the following tools are installed:

* **SAP MTA Archive Builder 1.0.6 or compatible version** - can be downloaded from [SAP Development Tools](https://tools.hana.ondemand.com/#cloud).

> * **Java 8 or compatible version** - necessary to run the `mta.jar` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Java 8 or compatible version** - necessary to run the *MTA Archive Builder* itself and to build Java modules.
```
